Update documentation, formatting (#5)
OpenSpace/docker: README.md

# Docker Containers

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This repository is a collection of a number of Dockerfile configuration files that can be used to achieve different actions surrounding OpenSpace.

The files are separated into subfolders that make clear what the files are used for.

The rest of this document explains how to install Docker and then how to use each of the folders and what they contain. The general gist is that a Docker container is like a virtual machine, but a lot easier (and faster) to setup. One important difference is that a Docker container will (in general) forget everything that you have done to it in an interactive session. This is great for reproducibility, but can be daunting to get on the ground running.

## Installation

> [!NOTE]
>
> Ensure that virtualization is enabled on your computer. Some computers don't have this enabled and require entering the BIOS of the computer.
>
> To verify your computer has virtualization enabled:
>
> * On Windows (pwsh): `Get-ComputerInfo -property "HyperV*"`
> * On Linux: `lscpu | grep Virtualization`
> * On macOS: `sysctl -a | grep -o VMX`

### Windows

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For style constistency with the other markdown files

If you are on Windows 11, the easiest way is to open a Powershell terminal and install Docker from there: `winget install Docker.DockerDesktop`. Otherwise you can download the installer from [here](https://desktop.docker.com/win/main/amd64/Docker%20Desktop%20Installer.exe).

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> >
> > It is best to run the `winget` command in an administrative terminal, to avoid repeated User Account Control (UAC) prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> If you want to avoid repeated User Account Control (UAC) prompts, you can run the `winget` command in an administrative terminal.
```
?

Feeling hesitant to teach people to run things with elevated priviledges

### Linux

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can either install Docker using Docker Desktop, or Docker Engine. Docker Engine is the backend and CLI-based interaction with the Docker system, where Docker Desktop includes Docker Engine but also includes a frontend for controlling Docker.

#### Docker Desktop

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Follow the [documentation](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/linux-install/) from Docker for your specific Linux distribution.

#### Docker Engine

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For Ubuntu based distributions use the Docker APT repository:

```bash
# Add Docker's official GPG key:
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install ca-certificates curl
sudo install -m 0755 -d /etc/apt/keyrings
sudo curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg -o /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.asc
sudo chmod a+r /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.asc

# Add the repository to Apt sources:
echo \
  "deb [arch=$(dpkg --print-architecture) signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/docker.asc] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu \
  $(. /etc/os-release && echo "$VERSION_CODENAME") stable" | \
  sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list > /dev/null
sudo apt-get update

# Install latest Docker packages
sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-buildx-plugin docker-compose-plugin
```

For other distributions, follow the [documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) from Docker for your specific Linux distribution.

### macOS

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Continuing the example from before, we could run our new image like so: `docker run --gpus all --interactive --tty my-first-image`. The terminal that we ran the code on will then switch over and we are now executing commands inside the Docker container.

> [!NOTE]
>
> Especially when running containers for longer time, it can be useful to limit the resources that every individual container has access to.
>
> The `docker run` command has the ability to take `--cpus="{n}"` to set the number of available CPUs for the container to use `--cpus="1.25"` would allow the container to use one CPU fully and a second one to 25% capacity. `--memory="{}"` sets the amount of system memory that the container can use, for example `--memory="8G"` would limit the container to 8 GiB of RAM.

Specifically for containers that are going to be reused, it can be useful to give a `--name {}` to the container which makes it easier to recognize in the containers list.

> [!NOTE]
>
> The example commands here are meant to be executed from the same folder in which the Dockerfile is located. Running the commands in a different location will output errors.

> <<<<<<< Updated upstream
> # `build`
> The Dockerfiles in this folder create build environments that install all dependencies necessary to compile OpenSpace. The `build/build-all.bat` script will automatically build all of the images contained in the folder on Windows machines. The `build/build-all.sh` script will do the same thing as the Windows script for Linux/macOS. The container will also contain a `build.sh` at the root of the filesystem that will automatically clone OpenSpace and then build it using the environment. The `build.sh` script can take one optional argument, which is the branch that should be built. If the parameter is left out, the `master` branch is built instead.
> =======
> ## `build`
> 
> The Dockerfiles in this folder create build environments that install all dependencies necessary to compile OpenSpace.
> 
> The `build/build-all.bat` script will automatically build all of the images contained in the folder. The container will also contain a `build.sh` at the root of the filesystem that will automatically clone OpenSpace and then build it using the environment.
> 
> The other `build/build-all.sh` does the same as the Windows batch script for Linux/macOS.
> 
> The `build.sh` script can take one optional argument, which is the branch that should be built. If the parameter is left out, the `master` branch is built instead.
> >>>>>>> Stashed changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `build`
The Dockerfiles in this folder create build environments that install all dependencies necessary to compile OpenSpace.

The `build/build-all.bat` script will automatically build all of the images contained in the folder. The container will also contain a `build.sh` at the root of the filesystem that will automatically clone OpenSpace and then build it using the environment.

The other `build/build-all.sh` does the same as the Windows batch script for Linux/macOS.

The `build.sh` script can take one optional argument, which is the branch that should be built. If the parameter is left out, the `master` branch is built instead.
```

The naming scheme for the Docker files is: `{OS/distribution}-{OS version}-{compiler}.Dockerfile`.

## `jenkins`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Dockerfiles in this folder contain Dockerfile instructions to use any other image as a Jenkins build node for the [dev.openspaceproject.com](dev.openspaceproject.com) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dockerfiles in this folder contain Dockerfile instructions to use any other image as a Jenkins build node for the [dev.openspaceproject.com](https://dev.openspaceproject.com) page.
```

Currently, there is only a single Dockerfile, that can be used to Jenkins-ify any of the Docker images defined in the `build` folder.

This image is different in two regards:

1. It takes arguments at image build time, and
2. It runs automatically and does not need to be called interactively

To build the Jenkins docker, follow the following steps:

> <<<<<<< Updated upstream

Reviewer: Something went wrong here with a merge conflict
